Update extension based SP with content from main (#289) (#290)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: README.rst

Canonical's Sphinx Starter Pack
===============================

*A pre-configured repository to build and publish documentation with Sphinx.*

Description
-----------

The Documentation starter pack includes:

* a bundled Sphinx_ theme, configuration, and extensions
* support for both reStructuredText (reST) and Markdown
* build checks for links, spelling, and inclusive language
* customisation support layered above a core configuration

See the full documentation: https://canonical-starter-pack.readthedocs-hosted.com/use-canonical-sphinx-extension/

Structure
---------

This section outlines the structure of this repository, and some key files.

init.sh
*******

This script is an entrypoint intended to simplify adoption of this starter pack.

> Simply download the script, and run it locally.

Author: ```suggestion
Download and run this file it to install the starter pack in an arbitrary directory of the repo.
```
To avoid confusion around how to obtain the file, as it's not a release artefact or anything and people might grab the whole repo.
